do you know why you're here to me
mistakes for me just so you know
whatever you share with me in this room
stays in this room this is a safe space
sterile bugs bugs listening devices Oh
No greetings fellow humans what you are
about to see is a historical record of
my life as a detective I live in the
shadow of this water tower in Portland
Oregon a place where things get strange
I am the CEO of my own detective agency
he's so fascinating I could show you
around the precinct sometime I don't
elaborate with law enforcement okay I
have a partner that's Cole who's that
his name is total he's a 1500 pound to
pull a bear whoa
are you serious mother not now Timmy the
failure mobile commands the respect of
others it belongs to my mother who won
it in the church brothel
it was the key to my success until it
was stolen mistakes for me finding the
failure mobile is now our top priority
he's fired up today I know I'm so
excited I need help you always get me
into trouble can I help you your life is
big original
weird so cool
if you love what you do you have to
fight for it brother I need more office
space
my name is failure kidney failure
the name is misleading because I am
anything but
I am only concerning this one saying
freaks
mistakes from me
[Music]
you